come aboard the Beneteau since 51 now
the sense line had a 55 and a 50 those
morphed into a 57 and a 51 with a couple
of really good changes the most obvious
ones is right here in the transom it
used to be open like the monomer ran
style but it's not like that anymore
the transom actually lifts up and so
provides all bit of security or goes
down and you can actually use these two
galley modules another feature is the
smart soft top it's rigid on the sides
and soft in the middle just handed so it
can open up like a sunroof but the aft
part is angled so the aft quarters have
enough room for somebody to stand there
and toss a line ashore below the sense
line is kind of remained the same with
the concept of the machinery being asked
and away from the living quarters the
sense 51 has two cabins and a desk this
particular model and the real change up
came in the colors so there's a lot more
use of walnut and cream hard and soft
accents if you like this kind of open
style living on a boat you should
arrange for a test sail of the Benneteau
sense 51 or 57
[Music]
boat insurance hack United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters